---
title:  "Wexler Group Receives NSF Grant for Research on Nanocrystal Structure
Control"
author_profile: false
---

We are excited to announce that the Wexler Group has been awarded a National
Science Foundation (NSF) grant. The grant will fund our research on the
thermochemistry and chemical kinetics of halide-driven crystal structure control
of manganese and lanthanide chalcogenide nanocrystals.
{: .text-justify}

This project will involve a collaboration with Dr. Emil Hernández-Pagán of the
University of Delaware and Dr. Kristina Lilova of Arizona State University.
Together, we will investigate how the presence of halides influences the
synthesis of certain classes of nanoparticles. Our work will span experimental
techniques, including in situ measurements and computational methods, to gain an
in-depth understanding of this process.
{: .text-justify}

This research aims to advance our ability to control the crystal structure of
nanoparticles, which is critical as it often dictates their mechanical, optical,
and electronic properties, thus influencing their potential applications in
photovoltaics, catalysis, and energy storage.
{: .text-justify}

Moreover, this project has broader impacts, including providing valuable
experimental and computational training for our students and offering summer
research experiences for undergraduate students from Puerto Rico.
{: .text-justify}

The project will commence on August 1, 2023. Stay tuned for exciting updates
from this new project!
{: .text-justify}

[Award Abstract # 2305155](https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=2305155&HistoricalAwards=false)
{: .text-justify}